What you're looking at here is definitive evidence of lost ancient high
technology known as the colos of mem.
These two statues are located in L Egypt. However,
each of them were carved out of one solid piece of courtside stone,
which originally weighed approximately 1000 tons, a piece,
however, being cut and carved,
they are estimated at 720 tons a piece. Now,
the fact they're made out of court site is unbelievable because that is a seven
outta 10 on the most scale of hardness with a diamond being a 10.
Now most megalithic structures around Egypt and elsewhere around the world are
carved out of granite or bus salt,
which basalt is approximately a six outta 10 on the most scale.
And granite varies between six, six and a half,
depending on the type of granite now,
how they were able to cut and carve this stone is a complete mystery after all
modern day Egyptologists claim that the DACs Egyptians utilize stone hammers and
bronze chisels to cut and carve stone.
How that's completely impossible with this type of stone,
as well as GRA and Baal as well. However,
many people have proposed different methods that could have been utilized,
although very primitive to cut and carve different types of stone in the
megalithic structures as seen commonly around Egypt, including the pyramids.
However, I'm yet to see any of these methods done on court.
Now that's not to say it's not possible. However,
the size of these statues is astounding.
And to think that they would've used those primitive type methods on something
this large, I consider to be incredibly unlikely.
Now what's interesting about these two stone statues being made at a court site
is that the closest area in the region they could came from is more than 420
miles away, nearly 700 kilometers in modern day chiro,
where there is a quarry that was known and proven to be utilized by the DACs
Egyptians for various statues in other stone structures.
So the question becomes,
how on earth were they able to move something so massive? Now,
if they were moved before they were cut carved, like I said, a thousand tons,
a piece as they stand now, 720 tons,
and you only have to look at what it took in 2012 for the Los Angeles county
museum of the arch to move a 340 ton stone.
They had to custom build a 295 foot long,
196 wheel em national truck to move something that was half
the weight of these statues.
And almost a third of the weight of what these stones would've been prior to
being cut and carved many Egyptologists theorized that different stone blocks.
For example, utilized in the construction of the pyramids.
Would've been moved over tree trunks. However,
that is completely unrealistic when you consider something this big and massive
over that far of a distance. In fact, if you research the Colossian me,
you'll see that there's virtually zero explanation into how these were cut and
carved now to many people at a first glance,
besides the fact that these are incredibly huge.
They're obviously incredibly damaged. However, upon a closer inspection,
you can see that there's incredible high precision that was utilized in various
areas of these statues prior to being destroyed. Now,
whether they were destroyed by people after some sort of war who knows,
but there is evidence that has been discovered by professional GE that they have
been heat blasted in some way.
And some theorized that they may have been subjected to a plasma blast from the
sun tens of thousands of years ago,
which further validate the theory that the dynastic Egyptians did not create
these statues and that they found them and that the human civilization that
existed before the great cataly that had happened 12 to thousand 980 years ago,
would've had some sort of advanced high technology and even look at this photo
here where you can see that the base, although taller than most people,
most of that base is still buried under the ground. The base themselves though,
however, are more than 400 tons a piece. Look,
guys what we were taught in school.
And they were actively teaching in school today.
And in the textbooks is clearly inaccurate in that there's so many holes in the
theories that modern day Egyptologists have,
that it's completely impossible for these statues and many other examples of
megalithic structures around Egypt and elsewhere around the world to have been
done by the primitive methods that have been stated. And by modern day,
Egyptologists definitely check out my video about the ancient cataly as there's
definitive evidence,
that there was a massive catastrophe on planet earth that reset human
civilization nearly 13,000 years ago. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. Like can subscribe, help me spread the message,
take care of everybody.